210 billion 220 billion
250 billion 350 billion
350 billion is a price that can be quoted
Do you think
Can your partner come up with that much money?
Ah hum this time you are dead
Xingyao Consortium 350 billion miles once
Xingyao Consortium 350 billion twice
No doctor
We've been tricked.
Please see they are intentional
The Xingyao consortium has a guarantee of 350 billion
Sky-high deal
Now we have a half-hour break halfway through.
Humph
A deposit of 350 billion will be delivered in this half hour
If you can't hand it over, you will be asked to pay Sanquan of the quoted amount.
You are waiting to come up with 100 billion compensation after deliberation.
There's a good show to watch now, hahahaha.